# Print and Play Files for Grawlix

This folder contains a number of files that can be used make a set of Grawlix tiles. We recommend using a 3D printer to create a set of plastic tiles that resemble metal type. We understand, however, that creating such a set of tiles may be difficult, time consuming, and expensive. So, we've included some files that can be (2D) printed on self-adhesive label paper, cut out, and affixed to one-inch square tiles as well.
- The file [Grawlix Tiles](3DPnP/grawlix_tiles.stl) contains models for tiles that can be 3D printed. A complete set of tiles is comprised of six batches. Each batch uses two colors of filament, a base color and an accent color. White or light gray works well for the base color. The accent colors can be any set of six distinct colors. The rules below suggest red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and violet. To print the tiles, start with the base color. Pause the printer when the glyphs begins printing.  Switch the filament to the desired accent color and then finish the print.
- The file [Grawlix Tiles (Flat)](3DPnP/grawlix_tiles_flat.stl) contains models for flat-topped tiles that can be 3D printed.  A complete set of tiles is comprised of three batches. These can be printed using a single color. These tiles are intended to make it possible for people who don't want to change colors in each of six different batches to print platic tiles that can be used to play the game. For most people, it will probably be easier, and cheaper, to use one-inch wodden squares instead.
- The file [Grawlix Stickers (Simple)](2DPnP/grawlix_pnp_stickers_simple.pdf) contains images which can be printed on label paper, cut out, and affixed to one-inch square tiles to create a set of Grawlix tiles.
- The  file [Grawlix Stickers](2DPnP/grawlix_pnp_stickers.pdf) also contains images which can be printed on label paper, cut out, and affixed to one-inch square tiles to create a set of Grawlix tiles.  These images include additional markings that indicate the color of each glyph. These stickers are intended to make it possible for people with impaired color vision or who don't have easy access to a color printer, to play the game.
- Alternatively, the tiles from the popular game [Qwirkle](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/25669/qwirkle) can be used to play Grawlix.  Qwirkle uses one hundred eight wooden tiles. Each tile has one of six different symbols on it in one of six different colors. There are three copies of each tile. So, the tiles from Qwirkle can be repurposed to form three sets of Grawlix tiles.
